hello digits and Elena's today I'm going
to show you how to achieve the silver
amethyst and tropical ombre hair look so
this is what you're going to need for
the silver amethyst look neon blue by
directions and a white toner you will
also need gloves brushes and bolts an
old towel aluminium foil and of course
hair you can order these extensions at
local hair I already watched the half of
it with silver shampoo to get the
silvery look click on the video to learn
how to get silver hair and how to mix
the toner put your gloves on and apply
the white toner till the half of the
extensions turn it around and apply the
white toner to the back of the to try to
apply it evenly and cover everything so
that it doesn't get spotty in the end
now take some of your white toner add
conditioner and a little bit more of
neon blue to get a darker tone apply it
to the ends of the extensions and then
blend it with your fingers to get the
smooth ombre effect turn it around and
repeat it on the other side
now take some of the pure neon blue and
apply it to the ends blend it again with
your fingers
repeat it on the backside and you're
ready let it in for half an hour or
longer then rinse it out with cold water
while the tropical envelope you're gonna
need dark tulip flamingo pink some nitro
mixed oh no flamingo pink mandarine and
bright daffodil
I mix bright daffodil and mandarine to
get a bright orange begin with dark
tulip at the roots turn it around and
apply to the backside don't forget to
clean your brush between every step of
coloring with another color therefore
you just wipe it on the old towel now
you can dip it into the next color
I want it to be multicolored so I parted
in three strands apply flamingo pink
next
now apply the bright pink tone you've
mix before now apply the bright orange
you've mixed before to the ends of the
hair and a bit of bride effort all to
the very ends
instead of the light pink tone apply
mandarine next to flamingo pink
then apply the bright orange gif mixed
and brighter flow to the ends blending
blending blending blending blending
blending
leave it in for at least 30 minutes and
rinse it out with cold water only
so this is what it should look like on
the end I hope you liked this video and
found it helpful if you have any
questions leave it in the comments below
feel free to subscribe to my channel and
check out my facebook page que las vegas
mermaid see in the next video bye